add note about tools.aem.live (#794)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/troubleshooting/faq.mdx

1. Refresh the page.

**For end users:** Clear the browser session by closing and reopening the browser, or clear the browsing data to see configuration changes.

## I can't preview, publish or make content changes

> This could be due to either <Link href="https://docs.da.live/administrators/guides/permissions" text="DA permissions" /> or Site Permissions. For Site Permissions, see the User Admin page of the <Link href="https://tools.aem.live/tools/user-admin/index.html?org=adobe-commerce&site=frescopa" text="tools.aem.live" /> guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is often a permissions issue. You are either missing <Link href="https://docs.da.live/administrators/guides/permissions" text="Document Authoring (DA) permissions" /> or have insufficient site permissions on AEM Live. For site permissions, open **User Admin** on <Link href="https://tools.aem.live/tools/user-admin/index.html?org=adobe-commerce&site=frescopa" text="tools.aem.live" />.
```
